docs(Upload): add chunk upload docs (#2968)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/upload/chunk-upload.md

---
title: Chunk Upload
page_title: Chunk Upload
description: Enable and configure chunk upload in Upload for Blazor.
slug: upload-chunk
tags: telerik,blazor,upload,chunk
published: True
position: 3
---

# Chunk Upload

> Chunk upload enables file uploads by dividing the file into smaller parts (chunks) and sending them in multiple requests to the remote endpoint, where they are reassembled into the final file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chunk upload works by splitting a file into smaller parts (chunks) and sending them in multiple requests. These chunks are then reassembled at the remote endpoint into the final file.
```

> Chunk upload enables file uploads by dividing the file into smaller parts (chunks) and sending them in multiple requests to the remote endpoint, where they are reassembled into the final file.

Reviewer 2: May be we can also list the benefit here and why one would need/want to enable the chunk upload.

## Basics

> To setup the feature, use the `UploadChunkSettings` tag, which is nested inside `UploadSettings`. The tag includes the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Chunk upload feature, use the `UploadChunkSettings` tag, which is nested inside `UploadSettings`. The tag includes the following parameters:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Add the style to autofit the table based on the content.

| Parameter | Type and Default Value | Description |
|----------|----------|----------|
| `AutoRetryAfter` | `double` <br/> (100) | Specifies the amount of time in milliseconds after which a failed chunk upload request will be retried.  
| `Enabled` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the chunk upload is enabled.  
| `MaxAutoRetries` | `int` <br/> (1) | Specifies the number of attempts to retry uploading a failed chunk.  
| `MetadataField` | `string` <br/> (`chunkMetadata`) | Specifies the name of the variable that will receive the chunk upload metadata in the remote endpoint.  

> | `Resumable` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the file upload process could be paused and later resumed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Resumable` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the file upload process can be paused and later resumed.  
```

> | `Resumable` | `bool` <br/> (`true`) | Specifies if the file upload process could be paused and later resumed.  

Reviewer 2: To me, it is not clear what can pause the process. Maybe we can add some more details here?

| `Size` | `double` <br/> (1024 * 1024) | The size of the chunks in bytes.

## Events

The Upload exposes several relevant events. You can find related examples in the [Events](slug:upload-events) article.

> * `OnPause` - fires when the user clicks on the pause button during chunk upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OnPause`&mdash;fires when the user clicks on the pause button during chunk upload.
```

> * `PageSizeChanged` - fires when the user clicks on the "resume" button during chunk upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PageSizeChanged`&mdash;fires when the user clicks on the "resume" button during chunk upload.
```

> * `PageSizeChanged` - fires when the user clicks on the "resume" button during chunk upload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `OnResume` - fires when the user clicks on the "resume" button during chunk upload.
```
I believe the event is called `OnResume` based on the spec.

>caption Enable Chunk Upload

> ````RAZOR

Reviewer 2: I suggest skipping the REPL here as we do not have a controller and the users won't be able to actually upload files.
